Following criminal cash from the streets of London to the gold markets of Dubai, BBC Panorama and the French media company Premi?res Lignes reveal how an international crime gang laundered millions in drug money. This animation shows the extraordinary lengths the gang went to make their dirty drug money appear clean.
Stromboli is the most remote of Italys seven Aeolian Islands. This summer, two major explosions shook the island, killing an Italian hiker and causing 70 people to be evacuated. Still, 300 residents chose to live directly under one of the worlds most active volcanoes and love this magnetic island.
A sense of mystery surrounds the keyhole-shaped kofun tombs in Japan. Although the iconic Mozu Tombs in Sakai city, Osaka have recently been awarded UNESCO World Heritage status, surprisingly little is actually known about these intriguing monuments, kept under lock and key by the Japanese government.
In his opening statement, he said he had worked with Mr Giuliani at the express direction of the president. While he is the US ambassador to the EU, Mr Sondland said his brief included work on Ukraine alongside other colleagues - despite that country not being an EU member.
We did not want to work with Mr Giuliani. Simply put, we played the hand we were dealt. We all understood that if we refused to work with Mr Giuliani, we would lose an important opportunity to cement relations between the United States and Ukraine. So we followed the presidents orders, he added.
I know that members of this committee have frequently framed these complicated issues in the form of a simple question: Was there a quid pro quo? As I testified previously, with regard to the requested White House call and White House meeting, the answer is yes.
Prof Meghana Pandit, chief medical officer at Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, said: This is a very unusual circumstance and we are keen to ensure that we do everything we can to make sure it doesnt happen again in future.
But Iran shows no sign of faltering. It is developing its military capabilities and showing a greater self-confidence. The two players are struggling to establish new rules of deterrence, but the risk is that as the level of their military exchanges increases, so the risk of an all-out conflict grows too.
Despite a long-running Israeli air campaign designed to constrain the Iranian build-up in Syria, Tehran is determined that this project will continue. It is a close ally of the Assad regime in Damascus and it sees Syrian-territory both as a front line across which to confront Israel and as an important link to its ally Hezbollah in Lebanon.
The attacks against Saudi oil installations in September by a mix of drones and cruise missiles are generally attributed to Tehran, although it denies this. The precision of the attacks and the effectiveness with which they were carried out surprised many commentators.
But Tehran has honed its abilities and, according to the report, has focused in on three broad areas of activity: ballistic missiles (its alternative to a sophisticated air force, to deliver destructive power at long range); naval forces to threaten international navigation in the Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz; and unconventional capabilities, that is the use of partners and allies - a network of groupings ranging across the region, including Lebanon, Iraq, Yemen and the Gaza Strip.
Mr Christopher likened it to playing whack-a-mole, and cheap Chinese garlic continued to flood into the US. As a result of this, of the 12 US commercial garlic farms that existed in the 1990s, only three of the largest producers survived.
For the charitys report -Will I Care?- the academics analysed data from individuals who had participated in both the British Household Panel Survey and Understanding Society social and economic study for more than 15 years between 1991 and 2018.
On the morning of 11 December 2017 Margaritas husband, Dmitri, offered to give her a lift to work, but instead he drove in the opposite direction, towards the forest. He parked the car, dragged her from her seat, took an axe from the boot and chopped off both her hands.
When Margarita said she thought they should split up, he ignored her. But when she produced divorce papers he was furious. One night he attacked her in their one-bedroom apartment, waking the children, who saw the bruises on her body. The next time, when he threatened her with a knife, she went to the police.
Between 5,000 and 6,000 people out of a population of 94,000 - the equivalent of nearly 10% of the working population - are addicted to heroin, according to the Agency for the Prevention of Drug Abuse and Rehabilitation (APDAR) in the Seychelles.
But rather than attempting a war on drugs, which would criminalise the large proportion of heroin users in the Seychelles, the head of the anti-drug agency has introduced a Portuguese-style drug policy - considering drug addiction as a chronic disease to be treated.
Mr Williams said he wanted damages for everyone in the US who bought the Impossible Whopper, as well as an injunction requiring Burger King to plainly disclose that the vegan burgers and meat burgers are cooked on the same grills.
But Tehran has honed its abilities and, according to the report, has focused in on three broad areas of activity: ballistic missiles (its alternative to a sophisticated air force, to deliver destructive power at long range); naval forces to threaten international navigation in the Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz; and unconventional capabilities, that is the use of partners and allies - a network of groupings ranging across the region, including Lebanon, Iraq, Yemen and the Gaza Strip.
It also of course maintains strong diplomatic ties with Israel, and effectively turns a blind eye to Israeli air operations over Syria despite having sophisticated air defences deployed there. But despite a significant effort from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Russian President Vladimir Putin has either been unwilling or unable to bring much leverage to bear upon Tehran.
